[AIRFLOW-XXXX] Add `airflow dags show` command guide (#7014)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/usage-cli.rst

  autoload bashcompinit
  bashcompinit
  eval "$(register-python-argcomplete airflow)"

> Exporting DAGs to images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exporting DAGs structure to images
```

------------------------

The application has the functionality of saving DAG to image file. You can attach them to the documentation

> for the documentation, or send another without having to send the DAG file and install the application at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or share with other people without having to send the DAG file and need to install the application.
```

> the other person. However, you need to have `Graphviz <https://graphviz.gitlab.io/download/>`_ installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, you need to have `Graphviz <https://graphviz.gitlab.io/download/>`_ installed to generate it.
```

> the other person. However, you need to have `Graphviz <https://graphviz.gitlab.io/download/>`_ installed.

Author: ```suggestion
However, you need to have `Graphviz <https://graphviz.gitlab.io/download/>`_ installed.
```

For example, if you want to export ``example_gcp_datacatalog`` DAG then you can use the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

>   airflow dag show example_gcp_datacatalog

Reviewer 3: Should we use more generic example? Not all users have to have GCP installed. Additionally, where should be the DAG file? Does this work only for DAGs in `AIRFLOW__CORE__DAGS_FOLDER`?

Author: I will add a description of the `subdir` switch.  I wanted to show that CLI can also show very complex DAGs. Then this features is the most useful.  Unfortunately, other examples are relatively simple. This is just an example. so it can refer to specific operators.

Reviewer: I agree with @nuclearpinguin , we should add 1 example for our tutorial DAG or any other DAGs from https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/master/airflow/example_dags

> After passing the ``dag_id`` parameter, the command will print DAG to the screen in the DOT format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After passing the ``dag_id`` parameter, the command will print rendered DAG structure (similar to Graph View) to the screen in the DOT format.
```

> After passing the ``dag_id`` parameter itself, the command will print DAG to the screen in the DOT format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After passing the ``dag_id`` parameter, the command will print DAG to the screen in the DOT format.
```

It is possible to save the file in a different format. To do this, add the switch ``--save [filename].[format]``.
If you want to save files as PNG, you can use the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

  airflow dags show example_gcp_datacatalog --save example_gcp_datacatalog.png

An example image file may look as follow:

.. figure:: img/usage_cli_export.png
    :width: 100%

    Example DAG representation

> The following file formats are supported:

Reviewer 2: How about putting that list in single coma separated list ? It will take less space then.

Author: It will be very difficult to find the format because each format has a different length. For me, a longer list is not a problem because it can be easily scrolled over.

Reviewer 2: OK.

 * ``bmp``,
 * ``canon``, ``dot``, ``gv``, ``xdot``, ``xdot1.2``, ``xdot1.4``,
 * ``cgimage``,
 * ``cmap``,
 * ``eps``,
 * ``exr``,
 * ``fig``,
 * ``gd``, ``gd2``,
 * ``gif``,
 * ``gtk``,
 * ``ico``,
 * ``imap``, ``cmapx``,
 * ``imap_np``, ``cmapx_np``,
 * ``ismap``,
 * ``jp2``,
 * ``jpg``, ``jpeg``, ``jpe``,
 * ``json``, ``json0``, ``dot_json``, ``xdot_json``,
 * ``pct``, ``pict``,
 * ``pdf``,
 * ``pic``,
 * ``plain``, ``plain-ext``,
 * ``png``,
 * ``pov``,
 * ``ps``,
 * ``ps2``,
 * ``psd``,
 * ``sgi``,
 * ``svg``, ``svgz``,
 * ``tga``,
 * ``tif``, ``tiff``,
 * ``tk``,
 * ``vml``, ``vmlz``,
 * ``vrml``,
 * ``wbmp``,
 * ``webp``,
 * ``xlib``,
 * ``x11``.

Display DAGs
------------

Sometimes you will work on DAGs that contain complex dependencies. It is helpful then to preview
the DAG to see if it is correct.

> If you have macOS with `Graphviz <https://graphviz.gitlab.io/download/>`_  and `iTerm2 <https://iterm2.com/>`__

Reviewer: It will work for normal Terminal app as well, isn't it? Or does it only work on iTerm2?

Author: I tested it only with iTerm2. It seems to me that this is not a standardized mechanism and other applications do not allow the display of high-quality images. We can convert the image to text for display in another application, but this will not allow you to read its content.  It will be too poor quality.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12058428/71732404-7218b900-2e47-11ea-804f-b2b018549b93.png)
So ... in theory it works with other programs, but it won't make sense.

Reviewer: Oh yeah, I love iTerm2. Can we add the above comment in the docs too for the users
